Drop support for the redundant and deprecated `cupy.array_api` in favor of `array_api_compat`. (#29639)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

  compatible inputs when their base estimators do. :pr:`27096` by :user:`Tim
  Head <betatim>` and :user:`Olivier Grisel <ogrisel>`.

**Other**

- Support for the soon to be deprecated `cupy.array_api` module has been

>   removed in favor of direct support for the top level `cupy` module, possibly

Author: ```suggestion
  removed in favor of directly supporting the top level `cupy` module, possibly
```
